fix sorting for variables (#107)
VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: implemented sorting for variables in Grafana to correct numerical data ordering. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/97).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: fix options sorting in variables for numerical data type. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/97).
```
